[narrator] Previously on Love Island…
The new girl…
[Josh] Obviously.
there's sexual tension between us.
I'm vibing with her right now.
[narrator] …cause tension in the villa.
[Shannon]
I'm not usually a jealous girl. but…
[narrator]
And we say goodbye to our first Islander.
The boy I want to couple up with is…
Jeremy.
-Will.
-Cinco.
-Javonny.
-Korey.
Christian and Josh.
you're the two remaining boys.
[narrator] Tonight…
[Shannon] Just so fucked over
because I don't trust a word Josh says.
I was thoroughly convinced
that I was going home.
I did not see that happening.
[narrator]
Emotions run high after the first dumping.
Do not blame yourself for that.
[narrator] And the Hideaway is open.
"Please choose one couple
to spend a private night together.
#AloneAtLast."
[theme music playing]
[narrator] Welcome to Love Island.
Last night was our very first recoupling.
And. like most outdoor dining.
it was intense.
The boy that
I'd like to couple up with is…
Josh.
[narrator] So. our new couples are…
Cashay and Cinco.
Olivia and Javonny.
Kyra and Will.
Trina and Korey.
Jeremy and Aimee.
And Shannon and we can't believe
he's still here either. Josh.
So. Christian. that means
that your time on Love Island is over.
I didn't want to send. like.
anybody home. like. I just… [crying]
[Kyra] You followed your heart.
I'm so proud of you
because I know how hard that was.
I just know he deserves to find love.
Hey. boys. treat the ladies good.
Keep it real.
And just do
what your heart tells you. you know.
I'll be rooting for you guys
on the outside. for real.
I'm not going to lie to you.
I did not see that happening.
I was thoroughly convinced
that I was going home.
And just honestly like sad that
Christian is such a nice kid.
genuine kid. just had to go home.
It just got pretty real pretty quick.
[slow music playing]
[Christian]
So. I'm the first one eliminated.
Obviously. I'm not super stoked.
However. I mean. I think I made
genuine connections with everyone there.
I was just myself and that's all I can be
at the end of the day.
I know it's hard.
[Shannon] That was absolutely awful.
Did I want Christian to stay? Yes.
Was I ready for. you know. Josh to leave?
I wasn't.
I think we have unfinished business
that we didn't get
to patch up or work through.
That was probably one of the hardest
things that you ever had to do.
And it's going to be okay.
I just don't.
I don't have anything to say right now.
Why did you pick me then?
I didn't want to pick you.
You know. I really didn't.
And Christian and I weren't on that level.
like. in any way besides friendship.
I thought it was unfair that me and you
have had this connection since the second
I walked into the villa.
I'm a firm believer
in second chances because
I've wanted a second chance
so bad sometimes. and…
I don't know. Josh.
You know. something told you to pick me
and I'm telling you right now that
it was the right decision and I'm going
to prove it to you because this is real.
I don't know what it is.
Man. before all this.
you guys had a poker face on.
-Like. for real. like--
-[Olivia] Really?
[Javonny] All those guys really
didn't know what was going to happen.
I was just happy
that we took the route that we did.
Are you surprised?
I honestly was.
-Really?
-I was like…
I wanted to scream so bad.
-you know my personality…
-Were you shaking in your boots?
Well. I was shaking.
I don't know.
We all didn't know what to expect.
[squawks] Like. I'm…
I thought it was going to be over for me
and I was going to be like. damn.
I will say this was
like the hardest decision ever.
You know. with Christian. like.
it was not his fault at all.
but I'd rather be laughing with you
than be serious with someone
I just don't see anything with.
I feel like
I didn't give you a chance. you know.
And you deserve
to have more time to. like.
figure out what we are both looking for.
We're just going day by day
and just enjoy ourselves
-and we'll see where it goes.
-Yeah.
I'm really happy. you know.
I'm catching a little feels.
-[squeals]
-[grunts]
Wait. oh my. it might be wet. so…
Oh. it's definitely wet.
[narrator] Okay. I know
we're on Paramount Plus tonight.
but get your minds
out of the gutter. people.
He's talking about the couch.
-Okay.
-[Aimee] Oh. it's soaked.
[groans]
[Jeremy] How are you feeling?
That was a lot.
My heart was beating… for everyone. right?
Honestly. with me. I knew what I wanted
-and I wasn't hesitant…
-That's good.
…or second doubts
or there's no one who really came close.
I mean. I'm obviously super happy
you picked me.
-I'm glad we went first.
-Yeah.
-But I was definitely nervous up there.
That whole ceremony was crazy.
I didn't think
it was going to be that intense.
-Right?
-[Jeremy] Like…
I don't know. I kinda feel…
like Shannon shouldn't
have given Josh another chance.
She's saying she's following her heart
but. yeah. we all were like. what?
I just feel like
he's gonna hurt her again.
I wouldn't mind if Josh left.
[Kyra] Like. I want to be here to support
you two to work through whatever it is.
Right. and that's the conversation
we ultimately had.
Yeah. it's between you two.
I'm not a part of it.
Absolutely.
I got a text!
-I got a text!
-Let's go check out what text she got.
I can't handle any more drama.
-This is crazy.
-Yeah.
Hey!
[rock music playing]
[narrator] The Hideaway
is the super sexy private suite
with lights so dim
even I could be attractive.
Don't google me!
One couple will enjoy
this secluded oasis just one floor up.
I hope that acrylic bunny
has a podcast to listen to
because it's gonna be a long night.
Rock. paper. scissors. or…
I was gonna say. Kyra.
Kyra and Will!
[cheering and applause]
I'm. like. so excited.
We're the first in the Hideaway.
Nice.
I don't have words right now.
I'm. like. trying to…
I have no idea.
I'd go up there and relax.
[narrator]
Needing a special outfit for the occasion.
Kyra seeks advice
from resident fashionista Shannon.
She's gonna get in something more sexy!
[narrator] Currently rocking
psychedelic iguana chic.
[Shannon] Here's to going into it
with raw and authentic emotion.
-Don't say the word raw. but yeah.
-[Shannon] Raw dog.
[laughing]
♪ What? Hideaway. Hideaway ♪
♪ Who? Hideaway ♪
-Yeah!
-[whistling]
Yeah. bro. this is gonna be dope.
I'm going to the high-wear.
How you say it? Hiding away?
Hideaway?
I'm pretty excited
because she's. like. super sweet
but she's also super spicy.
Like. that sexual attraction is there.
[Kyra]
These are. like. crotch-less panties.
[Shannon] You have the most
perfect vagina I've seen in my life.
[Kyra] Oh. stop.
Oh. shit!
Ky. you look so good.
I mean. I'm not gonna say
what's gonna happen.
I'm not gonna say
what's not gonna happen. but…
Whatever feels right
is what's gonna happen. so…
[knocks]
Come in.
-Hi.
-[Shannon] Oh. my God!
You look like a princess.
[Shannon] Oh. my God! Yes!
Love you so much.
Just live in the moment because
you guys need to do things
that you wouldn't be able to do in
the bedroom filled with 15 people.
-All right.
-[Shannon] Take care of her.
Have fun. guys.
You look so beautiful.
I'm living through you. have a great time.
Bye. sexy.
[Will] Super sexy.
[Kyra] Thank you.
I have a lot more for you to see
-in a little bit.
-[Will] Okay.
Love it.
[rock music playing]
[narrator] Well. we saw Will and Kyra
start climbing the stairs to the Hideaway.
And as many people do
when climbing a flight of stairs.
they have now reached
the top of the stairs.
-This is fancy.
-Oh. my God!
[Will] I love this place.
[Kyra] How beautiful is this room?
[Will] How lucky we are of being here.
Oh. my God!
This is gorgeous.
I like this.
I'm glad I can share
this opportunity with you.
[Kyra] It's absolutely amazing to be here
with you right now.
like. of all people here.
There's no one else
I'd rather be here with.
Yes. I do.
[narrator] After coupling up with Korey.
Trina does her best to make a connection.
But while Trina's lips
may have said Korey.
her heart whispered Cinco.
-How are you doing?
-I'm doing good. How are you doing?
Excuse me. excuse me.
I'm sorry. No. you're fine. I apologize.
[Trina]
My mind right now is all over the place.
and I'm having
really mixed emotions for Cinco.
[Trina] Come to my bed.
-Did you hear what I said?
-I know exactly what you said.
-No. you don't.
-I actually don't know what you said.
I said come to my bed. I'm just kidding.
-Are you though?
-No.
-No?
-I'm not.
I'm in a really
sticky situation right now.
I want to be with him.
I want to protect my friend.
I want to. like. choose me.
-Hello. How are you?
-Hi. Great.
-Great?
-Yeah.
-You're sure?
-No.
-[Cinco] Why you saying no?
-[Trina] I don't know.
[laughs]
-What?
-Nothing. just going up the steps.
-Please don't fall.
-Why?
Because if I catch you.
it's gonna be a mess.
-In which way?
-More than one.
-Why. why are you messing with me?
-[Trina] Because I like you.
[Cinco] Damn. that's the first time
I heard that come out of your mouth.
-Trina. you're killing me.
-[Trina] I know.
[Cinco] Trina. like. coming onto me.
trying to kiss me. it's a tough situation.
Obviously. Trina is an attractive woman.
and right now I think
I have a better connection with Cash
just because I've been able to
get to know her more.
What the hell?
I'm getting stress pimples. bro.
[Shannon] I know nothing about him.
I think he's good people.
He definitely knows how to talk.
He can talk himself out of any situation.
I'm not kidding.
Whatever. dude.
At least I get to share a bed
with somebody that I actually…
like to look at in the morning.
Yo. why's it feel so empty here?
And I look around and I'm like.
Will's upstairs. yeah.
Hey. guess what they're doing tonight.
I don't think they're gonna have sex.
I'm gonna put money on it they don't.
-You never know. she's wild.
-I think they are.
Coming here. you know. we have
the opportunity to do stuff like…
But I just feel like we should
take this moment of. like. talking
and. like. going more in
a deep conversation.
Also. like. sleeping together
without anyone around.
And maybe a little kiss
here and there. but…
I mean. my intentions with you
are. like. super serious.
-I just. I don't need to rush things.
-Yes.
-Not at all.
You have no idea how happy that makes me
feel to hear you say that.
That's how I know somebody's lit.
No. no. no. I'm not.
-I'll be in there in a minute.
-Okay.
Sorry. didn't mean to step on you.
Okay. bye.
Yes. ma'am.
Bro. can I be honest
with y'all real quick?
She's never going to ever. you know. like…
Hey. what am I walking into?
-Come here. Come here. cuddle.
-Yeah.
Yeah. I feel like
you're getting nice curls.
-No!
-[all screaming]
My bad. there you go.
Hey. you be breaking the bed. bro.
It's fixable. It's fixable.
Goddamn. relax. Bro. shit.
-Hey. look. I'm sorry.
-I had it.
[narrator] Breaking Bad. what a show.
Binged it in two days.
Meanwhile in the Hideaway.
Kyra and Will are recreating a track
from my ASMR album entitled…
[Kyra] I changed into something
a little more comfy.
-Yeah.
-But still sexy. so…
-You look sexy all the time.
-Thank you.
[rock music playing]
I'm about to pass out
if I freaking close my eyes.
I gotta pee.
-Just go.
-It's so far away.
-No. just go. Cinco likes it.
-Go in the bed?
-Yeah. all right.
-I dare you.
-He's awake.
-I dare you to pee in the bed.
-I really dare you.
-Are you going to still cuddle?
I'm gonna take a nap.
[laughing]
Yeah. okay.
Yes! Everybody shut the fuck up.
Good night. love you.
[rock music playing]
[theme music playing]
[narrator]
Good morning. Hawaiian hunks and honeys.
Clean out your eye crusties or just put on
sunglasses. the choice is yours.
New day. new lingerie. Just like the back
of my mother's business card.
Yay. thank you so much.
Yo. how was last night. Korey?
Was everything chill?
[Korey] No. it was weird because we didn't
know whether to cuddle each other or not.
I do like cuddling. but I feel like
in here. cuddling means a lot more.
Well. I don't know. maybe I just got PTSD
from all of you. I don't know.
So then we're in bed. He's like.
"Listen. I don't know how to go about this
but Trina just pulled me
outside right now.
outside the door
and she tried to kiss me."
He's like. "She's all up on me.
It's mad uncomfortable."
[Aimee] Wait. wait. last night?
Like. two seconds
after we coupled up basically.
-Literally.
-Yeah.
[Jeremy] All I'm saying is I think
there's gonna be some drama.
Definitely.
How do you guys feel about
what went down last night?
Oh. bro.
I feel like it needed to happen.
you know. for us to move on
and continue this journey
to find our connections. you know.
and build better connections.
I feel like everyone
was too comfortable with their situation.
And last night sort of. kind of. you know.
made everyone sweat.
Everyone thought
they were going home last night.
I was literally thoroughly
convinced I was going home last night.
Shannon said to me. she was like.
"I just ultimately couldn't pick Christian
because he's just a friend.
I didn't want to waste his time here."
If it was like me and you
or. like. whoever.
like. I probably would be going home.
you know what I mean. so…
She kinda of just came
to that realization…
and. I mean. that takes guts. obviously.
[Cinco] She seemed really hurt
by the connections y'all made.
And the growth y'all had together.
she knew.
like. it was worth more.
but at the same time
she wants to make sure
that you know. like.
you're not to play with her emotions
like that and she's just…
No. I know I messed up.
you know what I mean.
I think that this is definitely
going to make us stronger.
-Right.
-I know I gotta be better.
You know. I'm glad
that she gave me a second chance.
Whatever happened.
happened and we'll move on.
So we're not going to dwell on it.
not going to. like. fixate on it.
-You know what I mean?
-[Korey] Keep pushing.
-Just keep moving forward.
-All right.
Hey! What's up. party animals?
Good morning.
[all] Good morning!
All right. dang.
y'all save something for later on today.
Damn. we didn't even talk to you yet.
See you later. guys.
-See you in a bit.
-All right. see you.
-See you.
-Oh. my gosh. bro.
-They really are good together.
-They are. dude.
[narrator] Inside on the SS Zhoozh.
the girls find
a spiritual perspective helps
to justify throwing Christian overboard.
You guys feel it went
the way it should have and stuff?
You know. everything happens for a reason.
And as much as we all appreciated
Christian's presence here at the villa.
like. that needed to happen.
-Right?
-Yeah.
I mean. I'm happy with my coupling.
I think I might just sit back
and kind of clear my head.
Yesterday cannot be carried into today.
-No.
-Yesterday was absolutely awful for…
Everyone?
-Everybody.
-Yeah. there's a weird vibe. definitely.
[Olivia] Oh. my God. You scared me.
-Hello!
-[cheering]
-Good morning.
-Oh. my God.
-How was it?
-You are glowing.
-Look at that smile.
-Bro. you wash your hands?
Don't worry. I washed my hands.
It's all clean.
-You sure?
-I mean. she was so hot.
She came with this red…
-Lingerie.
-Super sexy.
And there was. like.
some champagne and some strawberries.
-Oh. my God.
-Did he feed you?
-He did.
-[Olivia] No!
-[Kyra] He did!
-Oh. it was so cute.
And you were wearing red
with the strawberries.
I can literally just see this
looking like a movie.
And she definitely. like. puts
so many layers out that I didn't know.
So different. the energy. you know.
being just with that person there.
As far as like physical intimacy goes.
that's very important
and I take that very seriously.
-So. we both felt…
-A little too soon?
…it was too soon.
So. we were just. like. let's
take things slow. let's just enjoy.
So. I think we were able to hit
that emotional intimacy level.
-That's everything.
-Yeah. I know.
Bro. definitely there is a lot of sexual
attraction. but I don't wanna rush things.
Bro. like. what are we gonna do. you know?
Really. I wanna know you first
and then let's keep the…
-the spicy for later. little by little.
-Yeah.
[Kyra] And. so. like. I don't wanna
rush things and then it fizzle out.
But it was hard
because obviously I'm. like. so horny
and I wanna have sex but at the same time.
I don't want to ruin that yet.
You know. like.
I don't want that to mess anything up.
So that's where I'm at
and that's how it was and it was amazing.
It was fun.
I never expected coming here and.
the first day. feeling that attraction.
-Happy for you. dude.
-I feel like a different person. not like…
-What?
-Oh. you're rejuvenated.
That's definitely our room. man.
Next time you guys go.
let me know.
I have the keys and I borrow it to you.
[narrator]
Cinco. Spanish for five seems. inseguro.
Spanish for uncertain. about which
chica. Spanish for girl. he wants.
Can Cash lock down her hombre.
Spanish for man candy?
So. what's up. babe?
I appreciate you picking me last night.
-Yeah. of course.
-You know. I'm happy that you did.
-Good. I'm glad you're happy.
-I've been wanting to say that first.
[Cashay] You're just. like. an amazing guy
and it's just real fun with you.
You know. it's more like a vibe.
you're gorgeous
and obviously I want to be all over you.
But. with that aside. I'm a little
uncomfortable with the situation.
Because I kinda feel like
I'm in a weird throuple situation.
[Cinco] Yeah. the thing with Trina.
I had a conversation with her.
look. I wanna tell you about that.
so like. before the…
before the recoupling. we came and talked
and she felt like. emotionally.
we had a connection.
-Yeah.
-And…
I basically just told her that
it wasn't any ill intent but I told her
straight up that I had
a strong connection with you.
Just like personality-wise
and our mindsets have been
like. right here. clicking.
you know what I mean?
After that. everything seemed cool.
Like we were cool just talking
friendship-wise.
And then. I don't know. it was…
Trina. yesterday. as we were going up
the stairs. she just. like. turns around
and tried to. like get a kiss.
like outside the doors to the bedroom.
I don't fault her for it.
you know. I mean.
I just kinda think
the timing was not right
and that's not the way to go about it.
to be honest.
I was like. yeah.
I don't feel comfortable doing this.
I played it off and walked around her.
I just wanted
to tell you straight up-front.
what's going on and how she's been moving.
because I felt like the way she was coming
yesterday was kinda disrespectful.
[Cashay]
What she says doesn't match her actions.
But I will say. like. my processing
and what I'm thinking with you.
I feel like with me.
it's like your comfortable.
safe bet type vibe
and I'm not saying it's like a bad thing.
but it's like.
I don't wanna be
with someone who's kinda like.
"Yeah. I'm comfortable with her.
She has a great personality. We have fun."
I think these things.
You're beautiful and I'm attracted to you.
-You know what I'm saying?
-[Cashay] Of course.
Do you see me as being
more than just what we are right now?
Right. because I feel like sometimes
you kinda have a wall up.
[Cashay] With the Trina situation.
it's weird that she did that
but I'm not really focused on
what she wants to do with him.
I think maybe I'll just try to open up.
It's just new territory for me.
I don't open up. I don't do that.
you know?
So I don't want you to think that. like.
I'm on the fence about anything.
-like. right now. it's you.
-[Cashay] Okay.
Yeah.
[sighs] Oh.
You know I got mad love for you.
You still get on my nerves. though.
[laughing]
[theme music playing]
[rock music playing]
[narrator] Welcome to Jurassic Park…
Oh. it's Love Island.
Trina is tougher to unpack than
a traveling circus' luggage. but I'll try.
She coupled up with Korey.
immediately tried vibing up with Cinco.
but he only half vibed the vibe.
so she's back to Korey.
Even though Cinco
isn't off the table. yeah?
I have no regrets from picking you.
You're just a really sweet guy.
Definitely. me too.
Coming here is a learning experience.
I think everything should start off
as a friendship.
because you have
to vibe with someone on that level
before you. like. want to progress
into something more romantic. so…
-If that's what you wanna do.
-Well. I'm here to listen to you
and I think I want to know more about you
because I feel like you're kinda like
an onion that I have to continue to peel.
-There's a lot of layers to it.
-There is a lot of layers to it.
I could tell over there. like. you're
emotional and there is substance to you.
when you came in. you were really quiet.
You didn't really talk much. Same with me.
But I think now that we're all getting
comfortable with each other.
-our true selves are coming out.
-Yeah.
[Korey] I'm super surprised
that Trina chose to couple up with me.
Because yesterday.
like right before the recoupling.
that was the first time
I've ever spoken to her.
I think we're just getting
to know each other.
and I think we're both
a friendship type of thing. you know.
Like I know she still wants to keep
her doors open and I'm in the same boat.
All right. should we go catch up
with everybody else out there?
-Yeah. It's hot here.
-Okay.
I know. I'm burning. sweating.
all the above.
[narrator] I've seen better chemistry in
a failed meth cook's burnt-down Winnebago.
Hey. why not? We're on Paramount Plus.
And this narrating's got Mommy's throat
scratchier than a lotto ticket.
Aimee. you got some tea?
I do have some tea.
What? Spill it. girl.
[Aimee] So last night. we all went to bed
and Trina tried to kiss him.
And then Cinco came straight to Cash
and told her everything.
He's obviously attracted to her. She's
beautiful. who isn't attracted to her?
That's his type all the way.
That's his type. but…
You know. he wants to explore.
like with Cash. but…
I don't know. this is gonna be
interesting for real.
I'm confused. why does Trina think
this is something that is…
Oh. yeah. so they had a conversation
and she like thought that
-her and Jeremy's situation…
-Was a green light?
Yeah. and he's like. "For me. I'm open
to still have conversations with her
and chat and get to know her.
but there is no me and Trina.
I'm happy with you."
You know. he's like. "When I got here.
yes. I wanted to get to know her.
That was my pick.
But since then. she was with Jeremy.
Now that she's not with him.
all of a sudden she's about me.
I don't like that."
He's like. "Right now. I'm about you.
I'm happy with you.
but you're not opening up to me.
I can feel you pushing me away. What now?"
And I was like.
"I feel like I'm in this throuple
and you want me to just open up
and leap in. are you insane?"
-Yeah.
-It's an uncomfortable situation.
[Olivia] I think he is telling you
his truth. honestly.
I think that he doesn't really know
what every minute entails.
[Cashay] I like him. I do.
but it's a little uncomfortable for me
just because opening up just gets so messy
and I don't want to clean up the mess.
Especially when there's
this Trina thing and it's weird.
but I don't want to be that girl.
that's not opening up and stuff
and pushing men away.
and then I'm gonna be 62.
still pushing men away
and that's not cute.
Okay. looks are amazing and…
Hey. what's up?
-[Javonny] I want to kidnap you.
-Yeah. take her.
-Oh. you guys want to stay here or…
-We should switch.
We've got to go to the balcony views.
-Okay.
-So. like…
What's up?
-It's like the whole thing with Trina…
-Where is Trina?
Vampire scheming. stay scheming.
That's so funny. I still don't see.
She's not sketchy. She's a woman
that knows what she wants.
-I support her. I'm like. "Baby. listen…"
-Yeah. I admire her.
"…you and Cash are both feeling Cinco.
so keep conversation with him.
don't put pressure on him to do anything
he don't want to do."
-Where are you at?
-Yeah. I'm calm. chill and. like…
I'm happy. obviously. you know.
I feel like we're still on a friend vibe.
Everyone's pressuring themselves.
-[Javonny] Yeah.
-Like. we're not.
-Like. we had key important conversations.
-[Olivia] Yeah.
Those. like. vulnerable moments
changed my mind.
like. for what I wanted to do.
Everyone just needs to wear their heart on
their sleeve and be honest and vulnerable
and I'm happy I picked you last night.
It was hard.
You took a risk and I took a risk.
I'm happy that she picked me so we could
continue. you know. being friends
and continue to get to know each other.
I feel like Olivia doesn't have another
option here in the villa. except me.
So. I'm definitely going to play
my cards right with this one.
Who'd have thought that
we would be strong?
-Yeah. we're vibing. all right.
-Okay.
[narrator] I smell a spin off.
Baby Island. more pool fence. less crying.
Back to traditional Love Island fare:
violating trust.
-[Trina] How did you sleep?
-[Cinco] No energy to be tired.
[Trina] How was everything for you?
-I slept all right.
-[Trina] After last night's recoupling.
you processed anything new?
I'm still processing things. to be honest.
I think I had a little.
like. liquor courage. but yeah.
-I get it now. my apologies.
-[Cinco] No.
No. no. of course you know
I'm attracted to you and stuff like that.
But I don't want you to think I was trying
to be disrespectful. I was just…
Listen. I just didn't think
it was the time or the right place.
How are you feeling about Korey?
I feel okay. I don't have any regret.
like. picking Korey because
even today. like. during our conversation.
he's opening up some more.
And. you know. like.
I'm happy for you. I still want you.
It's just kind of complicated right now.
You know. I wish I was in her position.
but I mean. there's not much I can do
right now instead of like get to know you
and see where that takes us.
-So that's where I stand.
-Definitely.
Korey's definitely a good dude.
He's a really good dude.
I'm kinda like in a conundrum.
you know what I'm saying. like…
I like Cash. I like Cash a lot.
She's really got it.
I don't know if she's willing to really
open up with me
because she still has her guards up
about how I feel about you.
This rocky part of this whole path.
is like trying to see
who you are most attracted to.
I'm definitely flattered
but there's a little pressure.
You know what I mean?
I definitely do. like. see aspects
in both of y'all.
I came here with the mindset
of being selfish as fuck.
At the end of the day.
I want to make the best decision.
[Cinco] Right now. I'm leaning
more Cashay to be honest with you.
But at the same time Trina is the girl
I was first attracted to coming in here.
So like that is a stone left unturned.
So. I feel like
if I don't try to get to know her.
I'm gonna be like. "Yo. what if
I would have given her a chance?"
We're all on Love Island for a reason
and it's still early in the game.
Thank you.
I don't know. I don't know to be honest.
It is super confusing.
[theme music playing]
[rock music playing]
[narrator]
You're back on the island of love
where. after coupling up with Korey.
Trina is trying to steal
Cashay's man. Cinco.
And everyone's getting
really awkward about it.
So unfair. why is this happening to her?
-All right. dish.
-This is just so awkward for me.
Why is it awkward. what's happening?
[Trina] We had a discussion
and I told him. like. I want you.
I want to be with you here.
I was interested in you
when you wanted to pick me initially.
but I wanted Jeremy at the time
and I realized. you know. we all realized
that wasn't. like. the right choice.
I really want Cinco.
but I think I'm just so held back
because of what he has
with Cash right now.
[Cashay] Are we working out?
-Yeah…
-Because I haven't worked out in…
[Cashay] I haven't worked out
in the last couple of days.
[Kyra] Me too. me too. I really wanted to.
-It's such a weird situation.
-Right.
[Trina] It's such a complicated situation
between Cash and I
because it's like we're friends here
and we're both melanin queens
and we both want the same guy
and he has both of us to decide
who he wants
and I'm not going to have
my hopes too up high.
but I just need to know if he wants
to do this thing with me. you know.
'cause it kind of sucks.
I know they've got something going on
and I know everything is so fresh.
so it's going to take some time for him
to. like. realize who he wants.
I don't know. I hate just being uncertain
about things in my life. you know.
Yeah. I do. I'm like. yeah. I get it.
[narrator] While Trina tries to decide
how hard she should pursue Cinco.
Cash tries to decide how hard
she should tell Trina to "Back off!"
And the audio is just great.
[Cashay]
Getting a little weird. like. with Trina
because he pulls me in bed last night.
He's like. Trina just. like.
pulled me aside and tried to kiss me.
So. the night we couple up. you're gonna
try to pull him and kiss him?
-Like. what are you doing?
-That's a little.
-That's a little disrespectful like…
-Yeah.
You know what I mean and he's
pretending everything is fine.
And it's just a little shady.
you know what I mean?
[Kyra] What do you mean. a little?
It definitely is.
[Cashay]
It's just really weird for me right now.
I don't know whether to approach her.
I feel like if I don't she's gonna
keep doing. like. shady things.
I don't want to make it a thing.
-and I don't want to get catty.
-[Kyra] Yeah.
In the same sense I'm like.
I'm someone that stands
-for people not being disrespectful.
-Yeah.
She's just being a little shady
and I don't appreciate it.
but I'm not gonna create
drama in the house
when I don't need to. but I feel like…
if she tries something like that again…
I might not be as nice about it.
[Cashay]
The way she is moving is just like
really weird and she's trying so hard…
-[Kyra] Yeah.
-[Cashay] …and it's making me really…
uncomfortable even more.
you know what I mean.
No. I understand that. That's very valid.
If I were you. I'd feel the exact
same thing you are right now.
[narrator] Josh. who is frankly lucky
to still be on the show.
chats with partner Shannon.
And despite being on bean bags.
they struggle to get comfortable.
So. yesterday was terrible.
Basically watching you make out
with one of my friends.
It's just an absolutely awful feeling.
The fact that I wasn't prepared
and like was completely embarrassed.
in front of everybody.
just absolutely was so disrespectful.
-[Josh] I know I--
-[Shannon] And I don't want
-somebody like that in my life at all.
-[Josh] I know.
Ultimately. I think I made
the right choice.
but I'm definitely just gonna
pump the brakes a little bit.
Yesterday was just such an emotional day…
emotionally draining.
I'm not gonna keep dwelling on it.
I think only time will tell
if his. you know. actions are lining up
with his words.
You know. I'm glad that you
sort of just followed your heart.
and believed in what we had was genuine.
and I just really appreciate what
you did last night. you know what I mean?
-Yeah. No. it wasn't.
-I know it wasn't easy.
But like. I really do think
this could be something special.
Yeah. me too.
Rock. paper. scissors.
Why didn't you shoot?
So it's. hey wait.
It's rock. paper. scissors. shoot.
-Rock. paper. scissors.
-Are you aware that…
That's like rock. paper…
No. it's rock. paper. scissors.
and then you shoot.
[narrator]
I'm sorry my little gluten-free cupcakes.
it's actually.
rock. paper. scissors… Text!
I got a text.
[cheering and applause]
Yes. Finally!
Looks like our chef is doing the cooking.
Everyone out of my kitchen.
[laughing]
[theme music playing]
[rock music playing]
We're back in brunch. and the Islanders
have been forced to learn to cook.
No catering anymore because we blew
the budget on that CGI waterfall.
It almost looks like the real thing.
I mean. we can do so many things.
Let's do like buffet.
[rock music playing]
[Olivia] Wait. is this okay to do?
-Cash. do we have to peel this?
-Yeah.
Oh. my God. how do you open this?
It doesn't open.
Oh. no. it's gonna literally
so burn your eyes.
-Oh. shit.
-I can't get it open.
Cooking in the kitchen. hey!
I've never meal-prepped before.
Shannon didn't know
how to make hash browns.
I thought she was just there like.
"All right. let me just flip."
The hash browns turned into
mashed potatoes.
[indistinct chatter]
[Aimee] Hey. guys. how are you all doing.
my sous chefs?
This was definitely like.
everybody coming together.
now it's just like. I have 20 sous chefs.
Did you all wash your hands?
-Oh. yeah.
-We just came from the bathroom.
That didn't help our case at all.
I hate you guys.
[Will] Like. do you wanna them julienne?
Or how do you want it?
[Aimee] Yeah. julienne. please.
[Cashay] Okay. we're done.
Order up.
[narrator] Food. shmood.
show me that waterfall again--
$50 million well spent.
And mimosas? Dang.
So. who of y'all wanna do the toast?
I just want to say this is awesome.
You know. this is
a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
Right now. we're in Hawaii. guys.
I'm with a whole bunch of random people.
I don't know you guys from a can of paint.
And I just want to make a toast to us.
[cheering]
Yeah.
Now. tonight we go blind!
-[Cashay] Happy brunch. guys.
-Yeah.
I'm really glad I'm sharing this brunch
with all of you guys.
You guys are great. everyone of you.
It's like have something to bring here.
And you guys are so nice
and I feel like super happy.
And that's it.
-We love you. Will.
-We love you.
[indistinct chatter]
-That's the Colombian.
-So cute.
I know you just came in
a couple of days ago.
but you. like.
added something to the villa
like. major. you know what I mean?
You changed stuff up in the best way.
I love that you didn't
come in here. like. catty.
like. "I don't give a shit
about the girls."
It's like you're here for you.
but you're not gonna be rude
and ruin people's experiences
and I appreciated that so much.
Yeah. I appreciate you guys making an
effort to really make me feel comfortable.
'Cause that definitely shaped
my experience coming in.
Friend. smile.
-Do I have something in my teeth?
-I'll always get your back. girl.
I know. You always have my back.
-Can you get that?
-We got a lot of floss…
[narrator] She is picking a turkey bacon
out of her teeth.
I do not get paid enough
to figure out how to narrate this.
Okay. call in a helicopter if we have to.
I need anything else to happen.
Thank you.
Makes sense to me. Moving on…
Oh. my God!
[cheering]
Oh. my God.
Wait! Wait. what is happening?
-What is happening?
-Shut up.
[indistinct chatter]
What is going on?
-Wait.
-Oh. my gosh.
Shut up.
-If this is somebody…
-Shut up.
Oh. my God!
Shut up.
-Stop.
-Who's coming out?
My heart is racing right now.
Oh. my God.
[narrator] Next time…
[Kyra] "Islanders. please welcome
your newest arrival."
[narrator] We're back on CBS where our
new boy swoops in and shakes things up.
-Yes!
-He can come in the villa. He's welcome.
[theme music playing]